----------
!1 Application Data Storage

The initial purpose of CWS, was to act as a layer between a Cloud Application
and their DB persistence layer. In a way, which will allow the Application to
selectively store some data encrypted if it contain "sensitive" information.

As the new EU directive GDPR (active May 25, 2018) among other things state that
data must be stored safely, i.e. in a way so it fall 100% under EU law - it is
almost impossible to use any US based Cloud solution, as these fall under US
law. The case of MS v DOJ have shown that US strongly disregard non-US citizens,
so in reality - it makes the usage of any US Cloud non-trustworthy.

Yet, Clouds are here to stay. So, it gives companies a problem. Luckily CWS may
help them part of the way, it cannot give 100% guarantee that data is secure,
as it depends on provided information to open Keys - but if properly integrated
into an Application, it can improve safety.

CWS was originally intended for use as a backend system for other applications,
where the data is simply passed through and thus stored encrypted, so if someone
wishes to read the stored data, all they will see is encrypted data.

As CWS only cares about bytes and nothing else. It is theoretically possible to
store anything. If different types of Objects from the Application is stored,
then it is also possible to add different ''DataTypes'', which will ensure that
the Application knows how to interpretate the returned bytes.

An example of this, can be a Book Store, where the information about customers
may contain history, private and perhaps even sensitive information. Considering
the new EU GDPR directive, storing certain information must be done in a secure
and safe way, preferably within the EU. However, as almost all Clouds are not
bound to EU, but is under US law, there is a problem with this, as the MS v DOJ
case have shown.
